User requirements definition will be denoted by numbers and system requirements by letters
1.	Module leader can create a report of a possible misconduct case
a.	System creates a query form to be filled out by the module leader
b.	System should validate student ID 
c.	The form must contain the fields:
i.	Module code
ii.	Academic year
iii.	Term
iv.	Student number 
v.	Student name
vi.	Student email
vii.	Type of misconduct
viii.	Type of assessment
ix.	% of marks that affect the total mark of the module
x.	Anonymized evidence
d.	System should validate the form ensuring its fields match specification
e.	System should generate a unique code for the case
f.	Allows the module leader to submit the form 
g.	Sends the submitted form to the Academic Misconduct Team (AMT)

2.	Member of AMT checks program the student is on and decides if there is enough evidence
a.	System must be able to access the student database 
b.	System must be able to lookup students’ details

3.	If there is enough evidence the case should be forwarded to the home department and the home department’s AMT should be notified
a.	System sends the case to the home department
b.	System sends notification to home department AMT

4.	Investigatory interview is scheduled 
a.	The system must have a scheduling service

5.	Invite sent to the student
a.	The system creates the invitation in combination with the scheduling system
b.	The system then sends the invite to the student either via email or via account
i.	If via email the system would need an integrated mail client
ii.	If via account, the system would need a database with accounts stored and be able to lookup the student’s account to send the notification

6.	Student confirms attendance
a.	The system receives the reply and logs it onto the system

7.	Email of summary of interview sent to student
a.	The system must be capable of note taking
b.	The system must have an integrated email client 
c.	System must be able to lookup student’s details
d.	System must be able to form connection to external email server 

8.	The case is referred to SCO
a.	The system takes note that the case has been referred
b.	Follow requirement 11

9.	SCO verifies if there are previous offences at the college level
a.	System must be able to access previous cases
b.	System must be able to display previous case in a HTML format
c.	System must be able to lookup specific cases involving specific students
d.	System must be able to return a suitable message if there are no cases involving requested student else returns all cases against the student.

10.	If there are no previous cases 
a.	Requirement 4 - 8 is carried out with at least 7 days’ notice given to module leader and a member of misconduct team.
b.	System should include electronic form hosting service with a capability to set a deadline 
c.	System sends form to student and notifies them
d.	System should only allow 5 days for the student to fill out and sign form
e.	System sends completed form to misconduct team and notifies them
f.	System allows misconduct team to validate the form  
i.	Return the form to the student to correct if needed
ii.	Else notify the professional service team (PS) who sends copy to student, module leader and SCO
g.	System should be able to allow user to change status of current open case (drop/ close)

11.	If there are previous offences
a.	System should be able to send email to module leader asking for description of case
b.	System should allow hosting of a referral form to be completed by misconduct team
c.	System should be able to send case to SCA
d.	System should be able to schedule a hearing by the SCA
e.	Outcome of cases is to be sent by email to the PS team and stored in the database

12.	All actions must be time-stamped 
a.	System must record all actions and associate them with the time and date 
b.	The system must record the user who completed the action with the following details
i.	Name
ii.	ID number

13.	Only users from relevant departments can access the system
a.	System must include user authentication
b.	System must be able to store and refer to a list of relevant admin departments which can access the system

14.	Department staff and students have different sign-on portals with different permissions
a.	System must be able to differentiate between students and staff
b.	System must offer different functionality to different users depending on the type of user.




